docs: Add info for prow, flakefinder and testgrid (#2825)
kubevirt/project-infra: docs/debugging-resources/flakefinder.md

For the KubeVirt project there's an additional rolling report, the top most report on 24h column is the rolling window report updated hourly.

For all other projects the daily reports are generated shortly after midnight, weekly/monthly depending on schedule.

See the [entry page](https://storage.googleapis.com/kubevirt-prow/reports/flakefinder/index.html)  for all reports generated for KubeVirt organization

## Example: kubevirt/kubevirt overview

[![FlakeFinder report overview for kubevirt/kubevirt](flakefinder-overview.png)](https://storage.googleapis.com/kubevirt-prow/reports/flakefinder/kubevirt/kubevirt/index.html)

1. daily rolling window report (updated hourly), covers **all PRs merged today**
2. daily report for yesterday, covers **all PRs merged yesterday**
3. weekly report from yesterday, covers **all PRs merged from six days before yesterday until yesterday**
4. flakefinder reports for last four weeks (updated once a week)

Flakefinder aggregates reports over **failed tests for commits of merged PRs** by date for the number of repositories that are using it.

### Flakefinder reports per project

> contains the index of recent reports for a project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contains the index of recent reports for a project.
```

### FlakeFinder report details page

![FlakeFinder daily report for kubevirt/kubevirt](flakefinder-details.png)

In a nutshell the daily report of day x covers all merged PRs from the start of the day before until the runtime of the report. (Runtime of the reports can be found [here](https://prow.ci.kubevirt.io/?job=*flakefinder*).)

> Each report contains rows for all tests where at least one test failed on any lane for all PRs that were merged at or after the report date. Rows are sorted according to severity of test failures (i.e the more test fails, the more the test appears at the top of the report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each report contains rows for all tests where at least one test failed on any lane for all PRs that were merged at or after the report date. Rows are sorted according to severity of test failures (i.e the more test fails, the more the test appears at the top of the report).
```

| Column No | Content |    
|-----------| -------     |
| 1         | test name |
| 2 ...     | lane 1 - x |

| Colored numbers | Meaning      |
|-----------------|--------------|
| red             | no of fails  |
| green           | no of passes |
| gray            | no of skips |

### FlakeFinder report job popup

![flakefinder-popup.png](flakefinder-popup.png)

When you click on any of the numbers inside the job rows, a popup will open that shows the job runs that are part of the report.

> Failed job runs are marked as red, the links lead to the Prow job details page of the selected job run. For pull request job runs also the link to the pull request in GitHub is available, for batch runs it contains links to multiple pull requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Failed job runs are marked as red, the links lead to the Prow job details page of the selected job run. For pull request runs,  the link to the pull request is available while for batch runs it contains links to all the pull requests included in the batch .
```

> Failed job runs are marked as red, the links lead to the Prow job details page of the selected job run. For pull request runs,  the link to the pull request is available while for batch runs it contains links to all the pull requests included in the batch .

Reviewer: Apologizes, but it is unclear to me what the following sentence means: `the link to the pull request is available while for batch runs it contains links to all the pull requests included in the batch .` Could you please clarify it?

Author: Great catch, thank you for that. I've expanded a little bit on this section, and also I've added another screenshot that makes it more clear hopefully.
